samples: crypto: Add ML-DSA sample (#30121)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/crypto/ml_dsa/README.rst

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Overview
********

The sample :ref:`enables PSA Crypto API <psa_crypto_support_enable>` and configures the following Kconfig options for the cryptographic features:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ML_DSA_PUBLIC_KEY` - Used to enable support for the ML-DSA public key type from among the supported cryptographic operations for :ref:`ug_crypto_supported_features_key_types`.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_ML_DSA` - Used to enable support for the ML-DSA signature algorithm from among the supported cryptographic operations for :ref:`ug_crypto_supported_features_signature_algorithms`.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ML_DSA_KEY_SIZE_65` - Used to enable support for the ML-DSA-65 key type.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_SHAKE128` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_SHAKE256` - Used to enable support for the XOF algorithms required internally by ML-DSA.

Once built and run, the sample performs the following operations:

1. Initialization:

   a. The PSA Crypto API is initialized using :c:func:`psa_crypto_init`.

>    #. A known ML-DSA-65 public key is imported using :c:func:`psa_import_key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a. The PSA Crypto API is initialized using the :c:func:`psa_crypto_init` function.
   #. A known ML-DSA-65 public key is imported using the :c:func:`psa_import_key` function.
```

      The public key is configured with usage flags for verification.
      The public key, the message, and the signature used in this sample are taken from a NIST ACVP ML-DSA signature verification test vector.

#. ML-DSA signature verification:

>    a. The signature is verified using :c:func:`psa_verify_message` with the imported public key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. ML-DSA signature verification:
   The signature is verified using the :c:func:`psa_verify_message` function with the imported public key.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting not to use a sub item, as it is the only one.

#. Cleanup:

>    a. The public key is removed from the PSA crypto keystore using :c:func:`psa_destroy_key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Cleanup:
   The public key is removed from the PSA crypto keystore using the :c:func:`psa_destroy_key` function.
```

Reviewer: Same as above.

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/crypto/ml_dsa`

> 

Reviewer 2: Missing `.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt`  or some other include for how to run?

Author: `/ns` builds are not supported by this sample now

Author: Fixed by adding `.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt`
